Concept
-------

I personally have, perhaps, months of experience writing 8080 / z80 / (...)
assembly code.  Roughly the same amount of experience working with gameboy
hardware.  And for the level of complexity that I'm aiming for in my own game
development, I have low-precision math problems that need to be dealt with.
For these purposes, my current workflow of compilation to emulators leaves
a lot to be desired.  This simulator is intended to bridge from this development
workflow to my existing C development workflow.  Essentially, I can write
a short program that tests assembly code to be written, and receive real-time
feedback on the behavior of the assembly code as I write it.

Prior knowledge of testing invariants and symmetries is probably essential for
making practical use of this simulator.


Usage
-----

Copy `gb-sim.h` into a working directory.  All of the `sim-*.c` files are
examples of usage.  I'll be adding more of these, and maybe commenting them as
I talk with people.  This was all written by me, so I'm 100% sure that I have
no idea what kind of comments would be helpful for these examples.


Syntax
------

The assembly syntax is a subset of `rgbasm`, since that's what I'm using for
development.  Only the parser cares about the syntax, but that accounts for
about 50% of `gb-sim.h`.

https://rgbds.gbdev.io/docs/v0.5.2/rgbasm.5 -- assembly syntax
https://rgbds.gbdev.io/docs/v0.5.2/gbz80.7 -- cpu instructions


Program Counter
---------------

At the moment, the program counter is a lie.  Given that the actual compiled
programs are virtual and do not exist in actual address space in the simulation,
this may or may not be important.  The byte-length of the instructions is also
ignored, and thus practical limitations are not simulated for relative jumps.

There are definitely options for addressing this if it becomes an issue, but
it currently has no impact on my workflow, and I have no interest in engineering
a solution to problems that I do not have.


Jumps (Branches)
----------------

At the moment, only conditional relative jumps backwards to anonymous labels
is supported.  This is obviously insufficient for practical use.  Most likely
I will limit myself to implementing anonymous labels only.  However, relative
jumps forward and unconditional jumps backward will need to be implemented.


Performance
-----------

Source compilation takes roughly a fifth of a second on my development machine.
This is about an order of magnitude slower than I intend.  Some optimization
will be done.  No actual attempt has been made to optimize the performance
of the simulation (parsing included), but that takes roughly a thousandth of
a second.  No optimization will be performed outside of compilation time until
a practical need arises.
